README.md, before:

[docker hub build status](https://hub.docker.com/r/brownman/linno_pro/builds/)


linnovate project magic (aka: linno_pro )
======

### requirements: docker

```bash
( docker -v | egrep -h 1.8\|1.9 ) || ( curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/docker_install.sh |  bash )
#or: wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/docker_install.sh |  bash
```

### ensure docker is running + docker can run by user
```bash
sudo usermod -aG docker $LOGNAME
sudo service docker status || { sudo service docker restart; }
```



### how to run ?
```bash
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/linno_pro.sh |  bash
#or: wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/linno_pro.sh |  bash
```


--------


####  Troobleshoot: 

- share my public key with IT department:

```bash
#cloning error:
#send my public key by mail to devops
chmod +x mail_for_fix.sh
bash -c mail_for_fix.sh
```

- password-less SSH login:

```bash
ssh-keygen -f id_rsa -p
```

Commit message:

readme: add instructions for how to access the terminal via browser

README.md, after:

[docker hub build status](https://hub.docker.com/r/brownman/linno_pro/builds/)


linnovate project magic (aka: linno_pro )
======

### requirements: docker

```bash
( docker -v | egrep -h 1.8\|1.9 ) || ( curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/docker_install.sh |  bash )
#or: wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/docker_install.sh |  bash
```

### login the terminal via the browser
```bash
google-chrome-stable 0.0.0.0:3001
```

### ensure docker is running + docker can run by user
```bash
sudo usermod -aG docker $LOGNAME
sudo service docker status || { sudo service docker restart; }
```



### how to run ?
```bash
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/linno_pro.sh |  bash
#or: wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brownman/linno_pro/master/linno_pro.sh |  bash
```


--------


####  Troobleshoot: 

- share my public key with IT department:

```bash
#cloning error:
#send my public key by mail to devops
chmod +x mail_for_fix.sh
bash -c mail_for_fix.sh
```

- password-less SSH login:

```bash
ssh-keygen -f id_rsa -p
```
